want to find him half Batman Man stop
sure to me please I've turned it to a
good guy oh yeah I am a good guy can you
get out please Scott joka know you have
must be joking I'm not a joker ah Batman
I mean I've turned to do a good guy
please don't shoot me no I see a dime no
no thatthat's my pretend gun please
don't show me can you come out here I
need to talk to you for a minute I'll
gel good do you talk to Robert no no I
want to just talk to you about man hmm
ah done ash goat ah I know you all dad
died I never know I'm not I've turned it
to a good guy this isn't my who's my
water gun no it's not it is Batman it is
no let's just hitch a ride my my and
knock your eye out see where is his um
hey babby and take a seat right there
okay it's too snowy out there
is that Batman in trouble let me go see
what's wrong see look what's wrong watch
this watch I have to go save Batman Shh
put it back down this put him back on yo
hope for about oh oh oh oh I'm coming
babine Joker Joker stop bad you're
hurting my friend Batman watch this but
yes I will never stop because I am a
villain hey